OKTA-491325: Added documentation to get and update customizable template settings (#3325)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/brands/index.md

#### Request body

The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource to update.

#### Response body

The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource that was updated.

Returns a `422 Unprocessable Entity` if the template doesn't support the recipient's value.

> **NOTE**: The templates that do not support all recipient values are New Sign-On Notification, Authenticator Enrolled, Authenticator Reset, Password Changed and the Change Email Confirmation templates.

Passing an invalid `brandId` or `templateName` returns a `404 Not Found` with error code `E0000007`.

#### Use examples

The following example disables the `UserActivation` email from being sent.

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X PUT \
-H "Accept: application/json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H "Authorization: SSWS ${api_token}" \
-d '{
  "recipients": "NO_USERS",
}' \
'https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/UserActivation/settings'
```

##### Response

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

```json
{
    "recipients": "NO_USERS",
    "_links": {
        "template": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/brands/${brand}/templates/email/UserActivation",

Reviewer: maybe use the name ${brandId} in the links as well to keep it consistent with the request url on 2203?

Reviewer 2: @chrisclare-okta what do you think?

Author: Yup, this is correct. I'll change that now

            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "GET"
                ]
            }
        },
        "self": {

>             "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/brands/${brand}/templates/email/UserActivation/settings",

Reviewer: same ${brandId}

}
```

### Email Template Settings

> This API lets you manage email template settings for each customizable email template.

Reviewer 2: Redundant, I believe.
```suggestion
This API lets you manage the settings for each customizable email template.
```

            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "GET"
                ]
            }
        },
        "self": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/brands/${brand}/templates/email/UserActivation/settings",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "GET",
                    "PUT"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Update Email Template Settings

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/settings" />

Updates an email customization

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter         | Type        | Description                  |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| `brandId`         | String      | ID of a Brand                |
| `templateName`    | String      | Name of an Email Template    |

#### Request body

The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource to update.

#### Response body

The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource that was updated.

> Returns a `422 Unprocessable Entity` if:

Reviewer 2: If a list has one item we don't need the list :)
```suggestion
Returns a `422 Unprocessable Entity` if the template doesn't support the recipient's value.
```

> - the template does not support recipients value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> **NOTE**: The templates that do not support all recipient values are the security templates, and the Change Email Confirmation template.

> Passing an invalid `brandId`, or `templateName`returns a `404 Not Found` with error code `E0000007`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Passing an invalid `brandId` or `templateName` returns a `404 Not Found` with error code `E0000007`.
```

}
```

### Email Template Settings

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

This API lets you manage the settings of each customizable email template.

### Get Email Template Settings

> > **Note:** Email Template Settings are gated behind the **API For Supressing Email Notifications** Early Access feature must be enabled. See [Feature Lifecycle Management](https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/feature-lifecycle-management/) and [Manage Early Access and Beta features](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Manage_Early_Access_features) for more information on Feature Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Email Template Settings are gated behind the **API For Supressing Email Notifications** Early Access feature and must be enabled. See [Feature Lifecycle Management](/docs/concepts/feature-lifecycle-management/) and [Manage Early Access and Beta features](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Manage_Early_Access_features) for more information.
```

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/settings" />

Fetches the settings associated with template

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter         | Type        | Description                  |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| `brandId`         | String      | ID of a Brand                |
| `templateName`    | String      | Name of an Email Template    |

#### Response body

> The requested [Email Template Settings](#email-template-settings-object) resource, with variables populated using the current user's context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The requested [Email Template Settings](#email-template-settings-object) resource, with variables populated using the current user's context
```

> Passing an invalid `brandId`, or `templateName` returns a `404 Not Found` with error code `E0000007`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Passing an invalid `brandId` or `templateName` returns a `404 Not Found` with error code `E0000007`.
```

```

##### Response

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

```json
{
    "recipients": "ALL_USERS",
    "_links": {
      "template": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/UserActivation",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "GET"
                ]
            }
        },
        "self": {
            "href": "https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/UserActivation/settings",
            "hints": {
                "allow": [
                    "GET",
                    "PUT"
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Update Email Template Settings

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/settings" />

Updates the settings associated with the template

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter         | Type        | Description                  |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ---------------------------- |
| `brandId`         | String      | ID of a Brand                |
| `templateName`    | String      | Name of an Email Template    |

#### Request body

> The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource to update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource to update
```

#### Response body

> The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource that was updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Email Template Settings Object](#email-template-settings-object) resource that was updated
```

Returns a `422 Unprocessable Entity` if the template doesn't support the recipient's value.

> > **NOTE**: The templates that do not support all recipient values are New Sign-On Notification, Authenticator Enrolled, Authenticator Reset, Password Changed and the Change Email Confirmation templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: The templates that don't support all recipient values are New Sign-On Notification, Authenticator Enrolled, Authenticator Reset, Password Changed, and Change Email Confirmation.
```

| `body`         | String                  | The body of the customization               |
| `_links`       | [Links](#links-object)  | Link relations for this object              |

<ApiLifecycle access="ea" />

> > **Note:** Email Template Settings are gated behind the **API For Supressing Email Notifications** Early Access feature must be enabled. See [Feature Lifecycle Management](https://developer.okta.com/docs/concepts/feature-lifecycle-management/) and [Manage Early Access and Beta features](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Manage_Early_Access_features) for more information on Feature Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Email Template Settings are gated behind the **API For Supressing Email Notifications** Early Access feature and must be enabled. See [Feature Lifecycle Management](/docs/concepts/feature-lifecycle-management/) and [Manage Early Access and Beta features](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext_Manage_Early_Access_features) for more information.
```

| ---------------| ----------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `recipients`   | enum                    | The [eligible user type](#recipients-enum) who can receive emails generated from the template |
| `_links`       | [Links](#links-object)  | Link relations for this object                                                                |

### Recipients Enum

| Enum Value                      | Description                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `ALL_USERS`                     | Send emails to all users (default)              |
| `ADMINS_ONLY`                   | Send emails to administrators only              |
| `NO_USERS`                      | Do not send emails to any user                  |

> **Note:** The following list shows the email templates certain Enum values:
> * `NO_USERS, ALL_USERS`: `NewSignOnNotification`, `PasswordChanged`, `AuthenticatorEnrolled`, and `AuthenticatorReset`
> * `ALL_USERS, ADMIN ONLY`: `ChangeEmailConfirmation`

> The `ChangeEmailConfirmation` only allows following enum values: ALL_USERS, ADMIN ONLY

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
